A company is hosting business critical workloads in an AWS Region. To protect against data loss and ensure business continuity, a mirror image of the current AWS environment should be created in another AWS Region. Company policy requires that the standby environment must be available in minutes in case of an outage in the primary AWS Region. Which AWS service can be used to meet these requirements?
A. CloudEndure Disaster Recovery.

Which of the following are examples of AWS-managed databases? (Choose TWO)
A. Amazon Neptune.
E. Amazon RDS for MySQL.

You want to create a backup of your data in another geographical location. Where should you create this backup?
B. In another Region.


What does AWS Cost Explorer provide to help manage your AWS spend?
D. Highly accurate cost forecasts for up to 12 months ahead.

Which of the following is a feature of Amazon RDS that performs automatic failover when the primary database fails to respond?
D. RDS Multi-AZ.

Which of the following strategies helps protect your AWS root account?
A. Delete root user access keys if you do not need them.

Which of the following are factors should be considered for Amazon EBS pricing? (Choose TWO)
A. The size of volumes provisioned per month.
C. The amount of data you have stored in snapshots.


Which of the following has the greatest impact on cost? (Choose TWO)
A. Compute charges.
D. Data Transfer Out charges.

What does the term “Economies of scale” mean?
C. It means that AWS will continuously lower costs as it grows.

Which of the below options is true of Amazon VPC?
B. AWS Customers have complete control over their Amazon VPC virtual networking environment.

Select the services that are server-based: (Choose TWO)
A. Amazon RDS.
E. Amazon EMR.

Your CTO has asked you to contact AWS support using the chat feature to ask for guidance related to EBS. However, when you open the AWS support center you can’t see a way to contact support via Chat. What should you do?
C. At a minimum, upgrade to Business support plan.


You have a real-time IoT application that requires sub-millisecond latency. Which of the following services should you use?
D. Amazon ElastiCache for Redis

Which of the following resources can an AWS customer use to learn more about prohibited uses of the services offered by AWS?
D. AWS Acceptable Use Policy.

Which of the following services could be used to deploy an application to servers running on-premises? (Select TWO.)
B. AWS OpsWorks
C. AWS CodeDeploy


For On-Demand Amazon EC2 instances running Amazon Linux, AWS bills per second, with a 60-second minimum.



Which services use AWS edge locations? (Choose two.)
A. Amazon CloudFront
B. AWS Shield


A company is hosting business critical workloads in an AWS Region. To protect against data loss and ensure business continuity, a mirror image of the current AWS environment should be created in another AWS Region. Standby must be available in minutes.
A. CloudEndure Disaster Recovery. (now AWS Elastic Disaster Recovery / AWS DRS)

Which of the following are examples of AWS-managed databases? (Choose TWO)
A. Amazon Neptune.
E. Amazon RDS for MySQL.

You want to create a backup of your data in another geographical location. Where should you create this backup?
B. In another Region.

What does AWS Cost Explorer provide to help manage your AWS spend?
D. Highly accurate cost forecasts for up to 12 months ahead.

Which feature of Amazon RDS performs automatic failover when the primary database fails to respond?
D. RDS Multi-AZ.

Which strategy helps protect your AWS root account?
A. Delete root user access keys if you do not need them.

Which factors should be considered for Amazon EBS pricing? (Choose TWO)
A. The size of volumes provisioned per month.
C. The amount of data you have stored in snapshots.

Which has the greatest impact on cost? (Choose TWO)
A. Compute charges.
D. Data Transfer Out charges.

What does the term "Economies of scale" mean?
C. AWS will continuously lower costs as it grows.

Which is true of Amazon VPC?
B. AWS Customers have complete control over their Amazon VPC virtual networking environment.

Select the services that are server-based: (Choose TWO)
A. Amazon RDS.
E. Amazon EMR.

CTO wants to contact AWS support via Chat but can't see the option. What should you do?
C. At a minimum, upgrade to Business support plan.

Real-time IoT application requires sub-millisecond latency. Which service?
D. Amazon ElastiCache for Redis

Which resource explains prohibited uses of AWS services?
D. AWS Acceptable Use Policy.

Steps a customer takes when conducting penetration testing on AWS?
D. Request and wait for approval from AWS support, and then conduct testing.
(NOTE: outdated — AWS now permits pen testing on 8 approved services WITHOUT prior approval; DDoS simulation still needs approval.)

Which Well-Architected pillar helps select the right compute based on workload?
C. Performance Efficiency.

Which service integrates with Shield and WAF to protect against network and application layer DDoS?
D. Amazon CloudFront.

Benefits of AWS Marketplace? (Choose TWO)
D. Provides flexible pricing options that suit most customer needs.
E. Provides software solutions that run on AWS or any other Cloud vendor.

Big data app on EC2 needs automatic high throughput to multiple compute nodes. Which storage?
C. Amazon Elastic File System (EFS).

Which task is AWS responsible for in the shared responsibility model?
C. Updating Amazon EC2 host firmware.

Which service identifies security groups that allow unrestricted access?
A. AWS Trusted Advisor.

What is Amazon CloudWatch?
B. A metrics repository with customizable notification thresholds and channels.

Features of Amazon CloudWatch Logs? (Select TWO)
D. Real-time monitoring.
E. Adjustable retention.

Who is responsible for configuration management (shared responsibility)?
C. It is shared between AWS and the customer.

Minimum AWS Support plan that includes Infrastructure Event Management without additional costs?
A. Enterprise. (Enterprise On-Ramp also includes IEM)
Business production system down response = < 1 hour. 15-minute response = Enterprise only.

Characteristics of Amazon S3? (Select TWO)
B. An object store.
E. A durable storage system.

Key benefit of being an AWS Partner?
- AWS Partner Funding benefits.

Self-support resources available to AWS customers? (Select THREE)
- SDK guides
- AWS Documentation (user guides for AWS services)
- AWS Trust and Safety Center

How can a company reduce its Total Cost of Ownership (TCO) using AWS?
A. By minimizing large capital expenditures.

Instructor-led security training options? (Select TWO)
B. AWS Online Tech Talks.
E. AWS Classroom Training.

Features configurable through the Amazon VPC Dashboard? (Select TWO)
C. Security Groups.
D. Subnets.

Common IT tasks AWS can cover to free up IT resources? (Select TWO)
A. Patching database software.
C. Backing up databases.

Advantage of consolidated billing on AWS?
A. Volume pricing qualification.

Which services could deploy an application to on-premises servers? (Select TWO)
B. AWS OpsWorks
C. AWS CodeDeploy

For On-Demand EC2 running Amazon Linux, AWS bills per second, 60-second minimum.

Key managed services from these questions:
- AWS Glue = fully managed, serverless ETL / data integration for analytics & ML.
- Amazon EMR = managed big data platform (Spark, Hadoop, Hive); decouples compute from storage.
- Amazon Aurora = managed MySQL/PostgreSQL-compatible DB; scales storage to 128 TiB, 3-AZ replication, up to 5x MySQL throughput.
- AWS Secrets Manager = securely store, rotate, retrieve DB credentials, API keys, secrets.
- AWS Systems Manager = centralized node management, patching, automation across accounts/Regions/hybrid.
- AWS Marketplace = digital catalog to find, test, buy third-party software that runs on AWS.
- AWS Partner Network (APN) = global community building solutions on AWS; Partner Funding is a key benefit.
